I am here.
I am present.
I am grounded.
In this moment, I have everything I need.
I am exactly where I am meant to be.
I am safe and secure.
I am rooted in this present moment.
I am strong, steady, and grounded.
I exist in this moment right now.
I am grateful for the breath that flows through my lungs.
My breath is my anchor.
I am breathing in strength. I am breathing out peace.
I feel peaceful, grounded, and secure.
This moment is exactly as it’s meant to be.
I am experiencing life through all of my senses.
I allow myself to focus on completing one step at a time.
My power is in the present moment.
I am not my thoughts.
I am not my fears.
I am viewing the world through the eyes of love.
All is well in this moment.
My heart is grateful, and my mind is at peace.
I will not worry about things I cannot control.
I focus on what I can control and let go of what I cannot.
I have the power to overcome my doubts, worries, and fears.
I allow myself to take things one moment at a time.
I am grounded, centered, and stable.
I know deep inner peace.
This day is a gift, and I accept it with my full presence and undivided attention.
I release worst case scenario thinking and choose to focus on this present moment.
When I’m feeling overwhelmed, I allow myself to step back and breathe.
I notice my thoughts and feelings without judgment or criticism.
Everything I feel in this moment is exactly right.
I take care of the future by taking care of the present moment.
I release my worries and allow myself to find peace in life’s quiet moments.
I am love.
I am light.
I am peace.
I am calm.
I am eternal.
I am infinite.
I am whole.
I am grounded.
I am breathing in. I am breathing out.
Love guides me.
Love flows to and through me.
I am loved, loving, and lovable.
I know deep inner peace.
I inhale love. I exhale suffering.
I inhale peace. I exhale worry.
I am pure, positive energy.
I feel safe in my body.
I feel strong in my body.
My body is a powerful healer.
I am strong in mind, body, and spirit.
I own my power and strength.
My heart is grateful and my mind is at peace.
I feel peaceful, grounded, and secure.
Eternal peace flows to and through me.
This moment is exactly as it’s meant to be.
I am exactly where I’m meant to be.
I surrender my worries.
All is well with my soul.
Today is a miracle.
I love myself fully now as I continue to evolve.
I am true to myself, always.
I accept all of myself.
I choose to love my imperfect self perfectly.
I am enough, just as I am.
I hold space for myself and honor my needs.
I honor my truth.
I love all parts of me equally.
Love is my anchor.
Love is my natural state.
I am connected, protected, and whole.
I am grateful for the breath that flows through my lungs.
My heart is strong. My mind is healthy. My spirit is radiant.
Every cell of my body is aligned with gratitude and love.
I lead with love.
I live in love.
In love, I am whole.
With each breath, I feel more at peace.
I am aligned with my highest self.
In this moment, I have everything I need.
Life is beautiful. I have time. All is well.