I love my body and I love myself.
I am perfect and complete just the way I am.
I feed my body healthy nourishing food and give it healthy nourishing exercise because it deserves to be taken care of.
I know the answers and solutions. I listen to myself and trust my inner judgement.
My brain is my sexiest body part.
My life is what I make of it. I have all the power.
My body is a vessel for my awesomeness.
I eat a variety of foods for my health, wellness and enjoyment.
There is more to life that worrying about my weight. I’m ready to experience it.
Food is not good or bad. It has no moral significance. I can choose to be good or bad and it has nothing to do with the amount of calories or carbohydrates I eat.
Being grounded and whole makes me beautiful. I can get there just by being still, breathing, listening to my intuition, and doing what I can to be kind to myself and others.
I deserve to be treated with love and respect.
Even if I don’t see how amazing I am, there is someone who does. I am loved and admired.
I look exactly the way I’m supposed to. I know because this is the way God (use whatever religious or spiritual higher power you believe in) made me!
It’s not about working on myself; it’s about being okay with who I already am.
Body, if you can love me for who I am, I promise to love you for who you are.
My body can do awesome things.
My body is a gift. I treat it with love and respect.
Life is too short and too precious to waste time obsessing about my body. I am going to take care of it to the best of my ability and get out of my head and into the world.
A goal weight is an arbitrary number; how I feel is what’s important.
As long as I am good, kind, and hold myself with integrity, it doesn’t matter what other people think of me.
I trust the wisdom of my body.
I use my energy to pay attention to myself, my inner wisdom, my virtues, my path, and my journey.
When I look to others to dictate who I should be or how I should look, I reject who I am.
Accepting myself as I am right now is the first step in growing and evolving.
All magazine photos are airbrushed, photoshopped, and distorted.
I love and respect myself.
I enjoy feeling good. I deserve to feel good.
Being skinny or fat is not my identity. I am identified by who I am on the inside, a loving, wonderful person.
My opinion of myself is the only one that counts.
I am compassionate and warm. My presence is delightful to people.
My very existence makes the world a better place.
My well-being is the most important thing to me. I am responsible for taking care of me.
No one has the power to make me feel bad about myself without my permission.
I eat for energy and nourishment.
My needs are just as important as anyone else’s.
Chocolate (or fill in a food you have a challenging relationship with) is not the enemy. It’s not my friend either. It’s just chocolate, it has no power over me.
Life doesn’t start 10 pounds from now (fill in a number that’s meaningful for you), it’s already started. I make the choice to include myself in it.
Thighs, thank you for carrying me to where I want to go.
Belly, thank you for helping me digest.
Skin, thank you for protecting me.
Other people don’t dictate my choices for me, I know what’s best for myself.
I feed my body life-affirming foods so I am healthy and vital.
Taking care of myself feels good.
I choose to do and say kind things for and about myself.