I live in a state of gratitude and I am always thankful for the help and support of others who have helped me along the way.
When I work for something, I tend to achieve it. Therefore, I am appreciative of the results and I value the work I put in on a daily basis
While my thoughts might vary from day to day, my giving of thanks extends far beyond what I think about on a daily basis. My grateful spirit is present in each step and action that I take.
While I might not say it every day, I am always grateful for the love I receive. I try to give love to the best of my ability and I am grateful for the love I have yet to receive.
Because I am grateful now, I am keeping the door open to additional blessings. While I do not demand it, I am grateful for everything that I receive.
I am so happy and grateful for everything that I receive. While I might focus on the material things, I know that there is more to life than this. I am grateful for all of it.
I wake up every day grateful for the beauty that I see in the nature that surrounds me. I know I do not pause enough to appreciate everything but that does not lessen my gratitude.
The more I pay attention to everything in life that is working in my favor, the happier I am and the better my life gets.
I will always work to find something in my life to appreciate no matter how dark the days might get. There is always something for me to be grateful for.
I treat my pets as my family members and I am grateful for their unconditional love, their support, and their warmth.
As long as I approach this situation with appreciation, the arms of abundance will be extended to me. I know that I do not consciously think this every day, but I trust my spirit to guide me.
Gratitude Affirmations - As long as I approach this situation with appreciation, the arms of abundance will be extended to me. I know that I do not consciously think this every day, but I trust my spirit to guide me. | morning gratitude affirmations | gratitude affirmations sleep | happy and grateful affirmations #affirmations #affirmationsoftheday #affirmationswork
I come to my partner with peace today. In order to make this happen, I come to my partner with a grateful heart, ready for the blessings of this relationship.
I treat all animals as though they are sacred because I know this to be true. They are sacred for the gifts they bestow upon man on a daily basis.
Every day is a constant state of learning. Today, I am finding ways to be grateful for what I have while also being excited for what has yet to transpire.
I am more powerful than I know and I can achieve anything and everything to which I set my heart. For all of this, I am grateful.
I am here to fully and completely accept all joy that already has and will in the future transpire in my life. I accept it here and now in a willing and open state of gratitude.
I take responsibility for my reality as I am its creator. I am grateful for everything that has happened in my life so far and will wake up every day expressing this gratitude.
I know that things will only continue to get better in my life. For that, I am grateful.
I know that my hard work is leading to improvements in my life. For these improvements, I am grateful.
I trust that the universe is supporting the highest good possible. For these reasons, I choose to see this as a season in my life and will appreciate it.
I am in a perpetual state of thanksgiving because of the obstacles I have overcome along the way.
Gratitude Affirmations - I am in a perpetual state of thanksgiving because of the obstacles I have overcome along the way. | morning affirmations | daily gratitude affirmations | gratitude affirmation #affirmationsdaily #affirmationstoactions #gratitudeaffirmations
I am appreciative of everything that has happened in my life. It is this gratefulness that allows me to keep my door open for future blessings.
My dreams and desires are a part of me because they manifest in everything that I do.
My health is positive and for that I am grateful. It gives me to power to enjoy every day to the fullest.
I am happy for the abundance of goodness that is present in my life.
All I have right now is this moment and this moment is enough. For that, I am grateful.
Each day from here on out, I will pause for just a few minutes. This will allow me to appreciate the beauty that is life.
There is a tremendous amount of abundance in my life and I am grateful for all of it.
I am happy to have a feeling of gratefulness that continues to expand my perspective. It opens me up to numerous ways of living with all of them leading to happiness.
There is a whole universe that exists in my heart. It drives me every day and provides me with energy. For this, I am grateful.
There is a whole universe that exists in my heart. It drives me every day and provides me with energy. For this, I am grateful. | list of gratitude affirmations | positive gratitude affirmations | powerful gratitude affirmations #gratitude #gratitudeattitude #gratitudeisthebestattitude
I have a best friend who has always been there for me. I refuse to take this person for granted and for that I am grateful.
I made a request and it was fulfilled. For this, I am grateful. I will strive every day to live with a greater sense of appreciation.
No matter what I need and no matter what I desire, I know that the universe will support me. It will always give me what I need.
I am grateful now for the abundance and flow that I have in my life. I am grateful for the smooth ride that the universe has placed me on.
I want to take a moment to thank the Universe for fun, wealth, and joy. I am happy to feel fulfilled in this moment.
I am worthy of being loved even though some people might not see me that way. I am happy in what I am doing as it brings me a lot of joy.
I have a loving family that has been there for me every step of the way. I do not take them for granted and I am grateful for them.
I accept both my burdens and my blessings. Therefore, I seek to marry the two and look at my burdens as my blessings.
I will embrace each day as new. I refuse to take any single day for granted and will embrace them all with a sense of gratitude.
I know that each day is going to bring new challenges. I embrace them and know they will make me a better person. I will strive every day to be a better person than I was the day before.
I know that each day is going to bring new challenges. I embrace them and know they will make me a better person. I will strive every day to be a better person than I was the day before. | positive affirmation for gratitude | thankful gratitude affirmations | self gratitude affirmations #gratitudedaily #gratitudeeveryday #gratitudeforlife
I am grateful for the tremendous opportunities for growth that the universe has placed before me.
There are numerous ways that the universe blesses me every day. Even though I might not acknowledge them, I am still grateful for them.
I need to pause every day to express gratitude for everything that I have in my life. I know that I need to make an effort to express appreciation, as my experiences have made me who I am today.
Even though some days might bring turmoil, I am making a conscious decision to seek peace. I trust my well-being to the universe.
I have decided that I am going to be grateful for the light that I see this first morning. It provides me with a sense of energy and strength to become the person that I know I can be.
I am grateful for the freedom that I have been given because of where I live and who I surround myself with. My spirit led me to this place in my life and my world and for that I am grateful.
I feel gratitude for the amazing spectrum of emotions that I feel on a daily basis. From joy to sorrow and all of the emotions between those two, every emotion is an opportunity for growth and inspiration.
Every day, abundance is waiting for me and I am grateful for every opportunity that comes my way. While abundance sometimes means wealth and possessions, abundant living also means happiness, peace, and joy.
We live in a time where knowledge is readily available at our fingertips, and for that, I am eternally grateful. To be able to learn about anything I can imagine is a true blessing that I don't take for granted.
Every breath I take is a blessing and another moment of life. With life and love, all things are possible, and as long as I'm breathing, there is the opportunity for growth and joy.
Small steps and progress happen in my life every day, and I know that these small steps are the path to my success and growth. I am grateful for every small step I take. Today, I will focus on moving forward one step at a time.
The life I'm living is important and meaningful. Every day, I contribute to the greater good of humanity and the universe, and my contribution is valuable.
The life I'm living is important and meaningful. Every day, I contribute to the greater good of humanity and the universe, and my contribution is valuable. | gratitude affirmations law of attraction | short gratitude affirmations | gratitude affirmations to the universe
The things that are meant for me already belong to me, regardless of when and how they come into my life. I am grateful for all of the things that are meant for me.
As a valuable human being and contributor to the universe, I am worthy of exciting beginnings and beautiful endings. I will be fully in the moment and enjoy every experience, from start to finish.
Each day, I receive countless blessings, abundance, and growth opportunities, and I am enormously grateful for them. I will remember that everything that comes my way is a blessing, even if the benefit to my life is not readily apparent. I commit to enjoying everything in my life right now.
The worth I have as an individual is in my hands, and I am worthy of all of life's blessings and opportunities. Because I say that I am worthy, I am worthy.
Because I am willing to find happiness in every breath and every moment, all of the good things life has to offer will come my way. Good things may come to me in the form of opportunities, blessings, challenges, and opportunities for growth.
I received an excellent education, and I am grateful that I live in a place where education is provided free of charge to all people. Education is an important key to success in life and the educators who crossed my path worked to help me become the best version of myself possible.
All of the things I already have continue to add value to my daily existence, and I am appreciative of everything that has found its way to me in the universe's divine plan. I will live in the NOW and enjoy everything in my life to the fullest.
My body deserves to be loved and cherished and it gets me everywhere I need to go every day. I am grateful for my body and all that it does for me. Learning how to properly care for my body has made my body feel loved.
Where others see nothing, I can find beauty because I am willing to seek out beauty in all things. When I uncover a rock, I find more exciting things underneath that can teach me something.
Everything is as it should be, and every single thing that happens to me on a daily basis is happening to bring about the ultimate good in my life. Nothing is random, and the universe is giving me what I need in every moment.
Even when a situation is dark, I am able to shine my light and find appreciation. No darkness can survive for long in the light, and I am a person who knows how to bring the light to everything I encounter.
I am a tenacious person and my tenacious attitude serves me well in life. Giving up is not an option for me because I always bring my best to the table when I'm trying to get things done. My tenacious spirit and attitude help me to find joy, love, and abundance at all times.
I choose to practice self-love, self-acceptance, and self-care. These beneficial habits help me to grow as a person and I have chosen to carefully cultivate them so that I'm living a loving life every day.
I have given myself permission to trust my guidance, myself, and my intuition. I am blessed with the intuition I need to seek out all of the good things life has to offer me and the people I surround myself with.
I live in a country that has proper sanitation, and because I'm aware that this situation is not universal, I'm grateful for these benefits that make life better. I don't take for granted those things that many people in the world do not have.
Remaining grateful for life's small daily blessings is the key to happiness and I stop every day to notice and appreciate the smaller blessings that the universe is constantly sending to me.
Anything is possible in the world I inhabit, and I am grateful for the opportunities that life presents to me and for those opportunities that I find when I seek them out. I have endless opportunities.
Every person I encounter every day teaches me something new, and I am grateful for how many people cross my path daily.
Every person I encounter every day teaches me something new, and I am grateful for how many people cross my path daily. | gratitude affirmations for friends | gratitude affirmations to god | gratitude affirmations pdf
I practice kindness in all things, and that includes being kind to myself. I am a valuable child of the universe and I deserve the same kindness and love that I give to other living beings.
When I love, I love unconditionally, and the people and animals in my life know that they are unconditionally loved. I also love and accept myself unconditionally, just as I do every other living creature.
I am grateful for my senses of taste, vision, hearing, and smell. These bodily senses allow me to more fully enjoy life, and I'm cognizant of the fact that not everyone has all of these senses. My senses make me a blessed human being.
Because I live in a country where I am personally safe from persecution, I have freedom of movement and the ability to be happy. When I'm happy, I can more easily help create happiness for other human beings and animals.
I have profound gratitude for every person who works to champion and promote equality in the world and in our country. Equality isn't something you can take for granted, and knowing that there are many people out there fighting for equity and equality gives me peace.
I am grateful for my ancestors, without whom my life would not have been possible. Thousands of individuals throughout history came together to create the bundle of cells that is me, and I am grateful for their contribution and ancestral wisdom.
Anytime I speak a kind word to a human being or animal, those kind words come back to me in multitudes. Kindness and goodness multiply quickly, and when I'm a kind person, kindness will find its way to me naturally in life.
My home is a place of peace, love, and safety, and I'm grateful for the security my home provides me.
I am thankful to all of the authors who wrote the books that have shaped me and continue to shape me. From fiction to non-fiction, every book I have read has contributed to the person I am today, and without the tireless work of these authors, this would not have been possible.
I have all of the work I can handle, and I am grateful that so many money-making opportunities come to me all the time.
Problems are blessings in disguise because they are challenges that can help me grow and evolve as a valuable human being in the universe. For this reason, I welcome problems and approach them with a positive attitude at all times.
I have the energy and health to help others frequently, and helping others is both joyful and beneficial for me. When you give to others, the universe inevitably sends blessings of all types back to you.
I am grateful for the warmth of the sun. The sun provides me with the light I need to see, sustenance for the plants I eat, and essential vitamin D for my body's needs.
I am grateful for the warmth of the sun. The sun provides me with the light I need to see, sustenance for the plants I eat, and essential vitamin D for my body's needs. | morning gratitude affirmations law of attraction | 10 morning gratitude affirmations | louise hay gratitude affirmations
When I lay my head on my pillow at night, my pillow is a reminder that I have had another productive day on this planet. I am grateful for my comfortable bed, a restful bedroom, comfortable bedding, and my pillow.
The Golden Rule is the most important universal law and I practice this rule daily. Treating others as I want to be treated adds more blessings and opportunities to my life every day.
The ground I walk on, the grass outside, the wind, and the cool breeze are all gifts from the universe that help to nourish my spirit.
I am grateful that I have had lifelong access to books and reading. Having access to high-quality reading material helped me to become a better version of myself. Reading shapes my psyche and helps me to grow more every day.
Life has plenty of obstacles, but fortunately, I have the strength to climb those obstacles, persevere, and come out on top. Obstacles are an opportunity for growth, and I'm grateful for every obstacle that pops up in my path to fulfillment.
I am grateful for simple joys such as dancing in the rain, feeling the sunlight on my skin, and enjoying the warmth of another person's smile. I don't take these simple pleasures for granted.
My home is warm and safe, and I have electricity, clean and fresh running water, and food in my kitchen. I realize that these simple blessings are more than many people in the world have and I don't take these blessings for granted at any time.
I recognize the value of mistakes and have learned to own the mistakes I've made throughout my life. Mistakes are an opportunity for growth and the road to success is paved with mistakes that helped me to learn more about how the world works. I'm grateful for what my mistakes have taught me.
Life is a beautiful thing, and every day I take time to be grateful for the beauty and wonder of being alive on this planet. Being thankful and grateful for life's innate beauty is a blessing in my life.
When I drink any beverage or eat any food, I know that these nourishments have passed through many hands before they got to me. I am grateful to those people.
I am grateful for the gift of being able to feel gratitude. I know that feeling and expressing gratitude is the secret to peace, joy, and the life I've always wanted.
With everything I experience in life, I am working towards becoming the very best version of myself. I am grateful for and mindful of all of the growth opportunities that arrive at my door every day of the year.