I am worthy, inside and out.
I am whole.
I am enough, just as I am.
I am strong in mind, body, and spirit.
I stand tall in my undeniable worthiness.
I always have been and always will be more than enough.
I choose to love myself exactly as I am.
I own my power and recognize the strength inside me.
I love myself fully now as I continue to evolve.
I am true to myself, always.
I accept all of myself.
I am allowed to take up space.
I fully accept myself as I am.
My body is a gift.
I can be healthy at any size.
I am perfect, whole, and complete.
I choose to love my imperfect self perfectly.
I deserve to be loved.
I deserve to live the life of my dreams.
I am worthy and deserving of my beautiful dreams.
I have what it takes to be successful in all that I do.
I believe I am worthy enough to manifest my dreams, and my heart is open to receiving everything I desire.
I have the power to create anything I want in this life.
I am worthy and deserving of a lifetime filled with happiness and joy.
I know my value and will not lessen or shrink myself for anything or anyone.
I am unafraid to be amazing.
I am one of a kind, and I am proud to be me.
I am radiant, beautiful, and thriving.
I am pure, positive energy.
I have an incredible gift to offer this world.
This world needs the magic inside of me.
I believe in my undeniable courage and resilience.
I confidently and fearlessly believe in myself.
My greatness exists here and now.
I am worthy, powerful, and more than enough.
My strength is greater than any struggle.
My soul is radiant, my body is strong, and my mind is brilliant.
I am worthy of success.
I am worthy of living the life of my dreams.
I am the only one who can determine my self-worth.
I have the power to make an impact on the world.
I have the power to change my story.
I can do hard things.
I am fearless in the pursuit of what sets my soul on fire.
Every day, I become more confident, compassionate, and courageous.
Every day, I love myself even more.
I am proud of who I am.
I am my true self, and there’s nobody else I’d rather be.
I am capable, strong, worthy, and always enough.
I am worthy of respect from myself and others.
I fully love the person I am, both inside and out.
I am worthy of being praised and rewarded for my efforts.
I am worthy of unconditional respect and acceptance.
I am able to release negative thoughts and feelings that do not serve me.
I let go of worries that drain my energy.
My worthiness is not defined by my achievements.
I am willing to learn, grow, and continuously evolve.
Everything I’m looking for I can find within me.
I have the power to control my thoughts.
My ability to conquer challenges is limitless. My ability to succeed is infinite.
Everything I do today is enough. (And so am I.)
I am perfect, whole, and complete.
I am so grateful I get to be me.
Nothing about me is a mistake.
My very existence makes this world a better place.
Your worthiness is not dependent on your achievements.
You do not need validation from friends or strangers to be worthy.
Your worthiness is not dependent on the number printed on the tag of your jeans.
Your worthiness is not determined by whether or not you got the job.
No test score could ever evaluate the level of your worthiness.
Your worthiness is not increased by being in a relationship or decreased by not being on one.
You do not “become” worthy.
You do not have to wait to be worthy.