I choose to feel calm.
I choose positive and nurturing thoughts.
I am right where I need to be.
I do the best that I can.
I forgive myself.
I release the past.
I look forward to a happy bright future.
I am safe.
I inhale the good and exhale the bad. (variations on this include… I inhale energy/light/health and I exhale negativity/darkness/illness. Often this affirmation can be used with meditation and certain yoga poses)
I am brave/I am strong.
I will be OK.
Specifically Targeted Affirmations
I am not my anxiety.
I am currently reducing my anxiety.
I focus my energy on my values, not my anxiety.
I have the strength to move beyond my anxiety.
I am in charge of my breathing.
I cultivate inner calm.
I appreciate the beauty around me.
I will survive. (I have survived my anxiety before. I will survive now)
I am curious about my triggers.
I am patient.
I take things one step at a time/I take things one day at a time.
I am present in this moment.
I am not in danger; I am just uncomfortable; this too will pass.
All is well in my world. Everything is working out for my highest good. Out of this situation only good will come. I am safe!
It’s only a thought, and a thought can be changed.
The point of power is always in the present moment.
Every thought we think is creating our future.
I forgive myself and set myself free.
I am Divinely guided and protected at all times.
I trust the process of life.
Deep at the center of my being is an infinite well of love.
I am loved, and I am at peace.
My happy thoughts help create my healthy body.
I love and approve of myself.
I have compassion for all.
I deserve all that is good.
I now live in limitless love, light, and joy.
It is safe for me to speak up for myself.
I forgive everyone in my past for all perceived wrongs. I release them with love.
Today is a sacred gift from Life.
I cross all bridges with joy and ease.
I experience love wherever I go.
I do not have to prove myself to anyone.
I trust my intuition. I am willing to listen to that still, small voice within.
I am greeted by love wherever I go.
The past is over.
I welcome miracles into my life.
I am in the process of positive change.
Nourishing myself is a joyful experience, and I am worth the time spent on my healing.
Whatever I need to know is revealed to me at exactly the right time.
I trust the process of life.
I listen with love to my body’s messages.
I forgive myself for not being perfect.
All is well in my world. I am calm, happy and content.
I am in charge of how I feel and today I am choosing happiness.
Life is very simple. What I give out comes back to me. Today I choose to give love.
As I say yes to life, life says yes to me.
I am at home in my body.
I let go of what I can’t change and do my best with what I can.
I am relaxing each part of my body.
I release myself from stress.
My body is calm.
I  find joy in the little things
I release worry and know that this too, shall pass.
I am safe and in control.
I will not stress over things I cannot control.
I appreciate my life and find things to be grateful for.